paint hi welcome to home garden news I'm
your host Matt Curfman and today I'm
going to talk about painting room you
know why because I get letters all the
time for people and they say how do i
painted rooms so today's the day so I'm
starting by cutting in see that's what
you do first you cut in I'll be showing
you more about that in a second I have a
letter today from someone named Sharon
and Sharon says I just bought samples of
divine paint this is a good start do you
know any other websites or information
about the paint try divine color com
Sharon and is it the great colors or
what makes it so special
okay this is the only paint I use it's
called divine paint it's designed by a
fine artist which makes me feel more
confident because hello this just shoot
me shoot me now okay I don't know which
one of those is gonna work on my wall
I'm just in heck heck it's for him
immediately okay so what Gretchen did
she's smart she produced these little
pouches of paint
okay they're recyclable you just like
throw some up on a piece of cardboard
hang it on your wall live with it for a
little while or if you're too bored or
too busy to do that then what you do is
you can buy actual sheets of the paint
on cardboard that Gretchen has prepared
for you so you can just say let's see
and now there are only 115 colors and
Gretchen's palette why because she says
not every color belongs on a wall and I
happen to agree I rest my case would you
want a wall this color that color right
there well maybe you do and that's great
okay but I just need help with this so
now another thing is this is all ink
this is ink that is making these
pigments ink they use ink okay
Gretchen's company uses the real paint
these are paint they're painted on and
they're paint it's like that's the real
color that you're gonna get don't you
love that okay one more thing yeah
really close you're gonna like this the
best painters as soon as they get a new
canopy
that they've never tried before a new
brand they'll go like this and they'll
really feel how thick and gorgeous the
paint is and let me tell you this is the
thickest paint I've ever used you'll
love it mmm this just in
that got a lump ah the smell of paint
it'll make you feel so ambitious and
like you're just ready to get cracking
so check out divine color calm in the
web and and it'll make your painting
experience really quite lovely I must
say I've done a whole house in it
Michael Wow okay so when you've got a
textured ceiling and you're trying to go
along the very top of the wall you don't
have the luxury of tape because tape
doesn't wanna stick to this stuff so
what you have to do is use your brush
and flow the bristles almost up to the
textured ceiling not point to it and if
you're painting over a light color with
a light color like I am you'll never
notice but if you get some of the darker
to a new color on the ceiling it looks
like heck Oh My heck all right so just
along and just vibrate your hand a
little bit so the paint flows fairly
tight to the ceiling okay now we get to
roll the best part okay so this is the
part where you load the roller now you
know it's not important how much paint
you have on the roller as long as you do
the same amount of paint every time
that's the whole thing you know what it
takes to get you loaded as it were okay
so now this is the big secret to rolling
you're gonna draw an M or a W that's
three feet tall and three feet wide and
this is gonna distribute out sort of
them the amount of paint that you have
on your roller so you're always doing
three feet square is that interesting so
you're not going to get a choppy look
this is the worst paint jobs are the
ones where you go in rows up
up and down up and down then it looks
all streaky you don't want that okay so
I did my M I'm just filling it in I'm
going over it two or three times so that
it's the paint's really well distributed
that's really important when you're
going over a dark color the white color
or light the dark color and then I load
my roller again that's it one load one M
so now I'm going to go right next to it
with a nice three for them okay so this
will give you a really nice even good
did you want your size taught it's
almost that season when top size are
very talked about okay so that's kind of
cool
okay check this out I don't have a
single splatter anywhere on my arms you
know why this is good paint it's really
really really thick and it helps a lot
to have thick paint because it's powder
proof so that's that divine paint I was
talking about that does that well let's
finish this up and I'm good to go and I
can start the inner walls is that
Pleasant or what like it nice to have a
system and actual system of your people
I think so oh here's one other quick tip
when you get close to here you can end
up scraping the other wall which is the
drag if you've already painted it it's
always flip it around so that the kind
of blunt end of the instrument is facing
the bridge and wall okay so that's it
for today and I hope you go paint a room
right away because this is pretty
inspiring that you say and it gives you
a nice plush Oh